### Hospital Emergency Room
Write a simple simulator of of the queueing process within a Hospital Emergency Room. <br>
Arriving customers can be classified into tree categories: 
- <b style="color:#de0f00">red code</b> (very urgent); 
- <b style="color:#ffd500">yellow code</b> (moderately urgent); 
- <b style="color:#0a8f00">green code</b> (not urgent).
<!---->
Customers arrive upon time according to some  unknown stationary arrival process. 
- 1/6 of arriving customers are <b style="color:#de0f00">red code</b>; 
- 1/3 are <b style="color:#ffd500">yellow code</b>; 
- the remaining fraction (1/2) are <b style="color:#0a8f00">green code</b>.  
- K different medical teams operate in parallel.
<!---->
Customers are served according to a strict-priority service discipline, i.e. a <b style="color:#ffd500">yellow code</b> customer enters service only when there are no <b style="color:#de0f00">red code</b> customers waiting, etc. 

Upon the arrival of a <b style="color:#de0f00">red code</b> customer, if a <b style="color:#ffd500">yellow</b> or <b style="color:#0a8f00">green code</b> customer is being served, the service of the latter customer is interrupted and the service of the just arrived <b style="color:#de0f00">red code</b> customers is immediately started. <br> The interrupted service will be resumed later on. 

Make  reasonable assumptions (and justify them) on the arrival process(es) of customers and on the service times of customers (choose suitable distribution(s)). 

For $K=1$, simulate a few scenarios, by varying the rate of arrival of customers and/or service times distributions. 

Write a brief comment on the assumptions you did and results you got.